Add gpm, godot-template, godot-actions, 2D builds (#261)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

## Tutorials

> > **Note** [*The list of tutorials has moved to the Godot documentation.*](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/community/tutorials.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
>
> The [list of tutorials](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/community/tutorials.html) has moved to the Godot documentation.
```

- [Calinou's builds](https://hugo.pro/projects/godot-builds/) - Mainly master branch, other branches can be found [here](https://archive.hugo.pro/builds/godot/).
- [iFire's builds](https://ifiregames.itch.io/stern-flowers-chibifire-com-godot-engine) - Distributed via Itch.io (automatic updates with [app](https://itch.io/app)), master branch only.
- [Raspberry Pi 4 builds](https://github.com/hiulit/Unofficial-Godot-Engine-Raspberry-Pi) - ARM builds of Godot Engine for the Raspberry Pi 4.

> - [2d builds](https://github.com/bend-n/godot-builds) - Godot builds [optimized for size](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/development/compiling/optimizing_for_size.html) with [these modules disabled](https://github.com/bend-n/godot-builds/blob/main/.github/2d-build-modules.py). Also includes misc non breaking patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [bend-n's 2D builds](https://github.com/bend-n/godot-builds) - Godot builds [optimized for size](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/development/compiling/optimizing_for_size.html) with [these modules disabled](https://github.com/bend-n/godot-builds/blob/main/.github/2d-build-modules.py). Also includes misc non breaking patches.
```

- [gd2cs.py](https://github.com/kiriri/gd2cs.py) - Python script that converts GDScript code to C# (WIP).
- [gdscript-pp](https://github.com/nonunknown/gdscript-pp) - Translates GDScript to GDNative C++ (WIP).
- [`gd-com` npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@gd-com/utils) - Communicate with Godot clients using Node.js.

> - [godot-actions](https://github.com/bend-n/godot-actions) - Composite actions for exporting, setting up, and pushing (via itch.io) Godot games through github actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [godot-actions](https://github.com/bend-n/godot-actions) - Composite actions for exporting, setting up, and pushing Godot projects to itch.io through Github Actions.
```

- [godot-ci](https://github.com/aBARICHELLO/godot-ci) - Docker image to export Godot games through CI. Includes GitLab CI script example.
- [godot-gdscript-toolkit](https://github.com/Scony/godot-gdscript-toolkit) - Independent set of command line tools for working with GDScript - parser, linter and formatter (Godot 3.x).
- [RetroPie Godot Game Engine "Emulator"](https://github.com/hiulit/RetroPie-Godot-Game-Engine-Emulator) - A scriptmodule to install a Godot "emulator" for RetroPie.
- [strip-to-frames.pl](https://github.com/adolson/godot-stuff/blob/master/strip-to-frames.pl) - Perl script to split a grid spritesheet image into numbered individual frame files.

> - [godot package manager](https://github.com/you-win/godot-package-manager) - Package manager for godot using npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Godot Package Manager](https://github.com/you-win/godot-package-manager) - Package manager for godot using npm.
```
